hey guys what's up Tyler here in today's
video I'm gonna be talking about amoebas
and most specifically the Kirby amiibo
and I saw this guy in walmart and I just
couldn't pass him up there was a couple
other ones but I decided to pick up
Kirby because it gonna save some for
Christmas of course and today I'm going
to show you guys a couple close up shots
at Kirby we're going to talk about him
what I like about him maybe what I don't
like what I think about them Evo's in
general so far and i think i'm going to
review every single amoeba that i get
because these things are pretty cool and
they're kind of like a collector's item
because there's a lot of detail or not
supermodel detail but a decent amount of
detail in these things and they sell for
twelve dollars and ninety six cents 13
bucks and we'll see you know if they're
worth that price point in terms of a
figurine and as an NFC addition to your
Wii U games and so let's start off with
how Kirby actually looks as you can see
that there is a lot of detail going on
here i mean the eyes they look kind of
like stickers i'm not sure if they are
they might be painted on they kind of
look like stickers though i haven't
really looked it up but the mouth is
actually indented on kirby it's not a
sticker they actually carved it out and
overall I think Kirby is a really good
looking at me Bo I mean his color looks
a little bit pale compared to what he is
in video games but that might just be me
and the way I'm looking at it I don't
really know but I think he looks
accurate in terms of you know his
proportions and these are pretty much
straight out of Smash Brothers the
trophies and it's nice that they use
them and they turn them into these kind
of like smash brothers trophies that you
can have now wouldn't that be something
of Nintendo created every trophy and
smash brothers and do like a little
figurine like that that'd be crazy but I
really like it there's a couple issues
that I have with it though if you look
really closely in that I didn't notice
this in the store Kirby's eyes aren't
exactly centered and they aren't exactly
level with his rest of his body they're
slightly tilted and you can see it if
you look at Kirby straight on and it
kind of bothers me but not really
because how often do I look Kirby right
in the face like face to face and say
well buddy your eyes are a little bit
slanted today it's just a very small
thing but it's something I'm noticed I
actually looked up on the internet some
people had eyes that are completely
shifted over a lot and so this is kind
of a good
to pick these up in-store that way you
can look I've ever before you get them
but it's not a huge deal I mean there
are a little bit crooked but it's
nothing that you're going to really
notice and another thing that I kind of
don't like is the crack on Kirby's
backside what a nice place to put a
crack there is a crack going the whole
way along his back and it actually does
go around the front to you can see it
and I guess they needed somewhere to
attach two pieces I'm not really sure
why they couldn't make this all one
piece I don't know I didn't make them
but it'd be nice if this scene was
hidden a little bit more you can
actually see a seam on the top of him to
going like across the top of his head
and down his arms it's not super
noticeable unless you get it under good
lighting or and really look at it close
but I mean from far away the thing looks
just perfectly fine you can see the
crack in his backside though that's just
weird saying that you can see that
they're from pretty far away but really
when you look at the ax me bow at the
back side you're looking at it from the
front side and I think that's what
they're trying to go for all the focus
is on the front where the faces for 13
bucks let's get real you're not paying
fifty dollars for this it's 13 bucks for
a little figurine plus it has NFC
features and I'll talk about that a
little bit whenever you place your
figurine on your gamepad if you're
playing something like smash brothers
you bring in your amigo character you
can train them up fight them give them
specific skills change their move set a
little bit you can take this thing with
you pretty much wherever you want to go
to a tournament another way you mean you
could use this wherever you want your
meebo data is stored on your actual
amoeba which is pretty cool and so for
the 14 13 dollar price point it's pretty
good I mean plus it's a Nintendo
figurine and a lot of people are going
to collect these just for the sake of
having them kind of like me I mean I'm
going to collect them and actually use
them with a game and they work with
other games besides smash brothers it's
weird like Kirby's going to work with
high road warriors what but they're
really nice in terms of figurines set
them up on a shelf somewhere and the
added NFC bonus is just that it's just a
pretty sweet bonus and I I like them and
I think so far Kirby is the best looking
one I saw Pikachu in the stores and he
looked pretty good as well because I
think they look really good because
they're very
symbol and there's not a huge amount of
detail so they look simple and they look
clean and you really can't mess it up
that much but I think Kirby is
definitely in the top three of the best
looking at me goes so far i drank
Pikachu up there as well I didn't see
all of them in the store so you know
we'll leave those top spot open a little
bit for other ones but i'll be reviewing
more of them as i get them might be a
while until i get more to actually
review but this has been the Kirby
amoeba review let me know you guys think
of it down in the comments section below
do you think the details good do you
think the crack is annoying on the back
side do you have any amoebas yourself
let me know what you think of them and
whether or not you're happy with your
purchase and that's it for this video if
you guys enjoyed leave it a thumbs up
remember to subscribe for more videos
and check me out on all my social links
they're all in the description below and
that's it for this video thank you so
much for watching and we'll see you guys
in the next video